Hello everyone, guys and welcome
within this new gameplay by
formula 1 2015
this is a video, so here we are, the
our dear engineer starts talking
only our voice however this is a
very short video just because I have
purchased formula 1 2015 as a note
I pointed you out on the facebook page
that he intended to start one
new series a new adventure together
to you
I will also do the multiplayer in fact me
I have already agreed with the command
nor Venetian and we'll see a little bit of
have fun together of course together with
you if any of you were going
to participate together we will let you know
all the information to succeed in
organize maybe some nice race
all together then this is a video
very short
will last a maximum of 5 6 minutes
because I want to test the audio quality
video and game I saw that the
settings I can't keep much
high because my video card now at
about 5 years and the gtx 580 of the asus
because precisely if he was asking
fails to keep the game to the maximum
with everything precisely set to
maximum settings so I had to
to diminish a little I wanted to make you
see a first test drive so i will
let us know your opinions on
video quality especially on quality
audio tell me a little low volume up
the volume of the microphone a little yours
usual opinions so I set for i
video of tomorrow the day after tomorrow and so on
obviously if the graphic quality is not there
please I will see a little bit of taking
a new video card because this one
now it's a little bit
let's say ancient and does not usually succeed a
hold new titles precisely
a title released this year and fails
to hold the full if the quality
let's say video satisfies you then it's not there
problem otherwise I'll try to get by
with something else
however now I want to show you a
po the game or not I do not want to do not
I want to explain nothing or trim nothing
I just want to show you
here we go to the track, here we are
we go out I want to do the same I want to do you
just to see a little bit the
machine we run we say in the track
and see the video quality a little bit
especially let me know a little bit
if you notice differences with the old one
formula 1 note shots something of
something wrong right now i 'll do a lot
test drive and let me know yours
opinion is fine then let's get ready
we return to the perfect 2015 formula 1
the absence really a good guys like
you can see
I realized the first place son botta
well let's put fatty mixture of not
go full speed
we go great and I have to repeat
a little bit the hand but I played
for about an hour and I managed to
make the first position I'm playing at
difficulty level of the expert
that a level below the legendary
so I'm satisfied with the place
I managed to reach ask for
go forward in the kids the graphics
it's not bad but it 's nothing either
no one really special about the medium
something up high and there are moments
of shots just a few shots it
we see in the milk of the third sector
in the third part of the circuit now
See you in manziana while guys like
as it seems to me so far small cut
curve the game always quite fluid
let me know if you got distracted
other
that guy who plays coppola 1 with
some other configuration
if you notice any differences whatsoever
Probleino I just want to have a child like that
very quick to show me a little as
all the technical audio-video set was going
here it should be some
let's see if we slow down
that I make my own impression I do n't make a
another round for another test
let's go this time, I'll concentrate on it
diagnosis managed to improve a little
our time and let me know girls
you want to see the whole race weekend
complete the race only
know a little then why we say
here in front of us every year we are the
back million
Obviously we offer braking passages
some space
here's a ricciardo
the last stone Now let's see if
we can attempt the attack on the next
even poses
let's see some
let's get up see
no, the road is blocked by ricciardo
Mamma Mia
to throw it out we deserved one
penalty
but in the meantime we managed to catch
the pension but I do not care for
now nothing boys only interest me
that all the audio video equipment goes
well I would like to know if you want to see
just the race is or the race and
the qualifications maybe a video of
free tests
I try a video of qualifying a video of
race what you want
then ok the curved garlic article
as they are quite surreal we see
as information they still have 15
liters of fuel fat mixture
let's see a little bit
bring this other ass
we have no tires for now
they are slightly worn because I have
already turned four laps with these tires
soft
flat ahead of us
here you notice slowdowns here
let me know
unfortunately we have not done
we do not have very far Okay boys
I would now stop for a moment here
only things so have us are sick of
having started let's say we bought
this game because it really looks a lot
interesting also from the point of view
of even if they removed his career
they have really improved so many aspects
I will show them to you tomorrow due but
the day after tomorrow in the next videos
this was just a very very video
short to see a little bit the
qualities now that they were touring
box brave slowdowns like that
look at slowdowns in the night e
it seems to me I am not known after all
fluid
let me know a little bit then we'll get caught
the next adventure guys hello a
all